Update for KCSNA23 (#412)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/events/2023/kcsna/schedule.md

---
title: Schedule
type: docs
weight: 3
---

**NOTE:** You **MUST** pick up your badge before attending the summit or social evening event.

## Steering AMA

The Summit will start off with an AMA with members of the Kubernetes Steering
Committee.  Bring any and all questions about how we're running the project,
ongoing efforts & issues, and whatever you'd like to discuss with Steering.

## Unconference

The Contributor Summit will be primarily an [Unconference-style event](https://blog.crisp.se/2016/08/30/henrikkniberg/what-is-an-unconference).  This means that
you should arrive with topics in mind, and we will pitch them and vote on them
in the morning, and then hold sessions in the afternoon, after the Steering AMA.
This is the format used at many [DevOps Days](https://devopsdays.org/open-space-format/), and helps us accommodate changing 
needs and unpredictable travel schedules.

> If you have a topic in mind, please add it to the [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/issues/7157).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a topic in mind, please check back soon - we'll launch a tracking issue for submissions closer to the event.
```
Issue link points to EU
